Link best practices (#629)
codatio/codat-docs: docs/auth-flow/overview.md

- Some integrations are **desktop-only** e.g. [Sage 50](/integrations/accounting/sage50/accounting-sage50), [QuickBooks Desktop](/integrations/accounting/quickbooksdesktop/accounting-quickbooksdesktop).
- Some integrations require **downloading a desktop package** e.g. [Oracle NetSuite](/integrations/accounting/netsuite/accounting-netsuite), [Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central](/integrations/accounting/dynamics365businesscentral/accounting-dynamics365businesscentral).
- Some integrations require switching to complex flows on **non mobile-optimized websites** due to the complexity of the third-party platform e.g. [Sage 200cloud](/integrations/accounting/sage200/accounting-sage200), [Sage Intacct](/integrations/accounting/sage-intacct/accounting-sage-intacct).
:::

- Link is compatible with the whole product range of Codat except for [Sync for Commerce](/sfc/overview), which is currently not supported. To set up your Sync for Commerce authorization flow, follow the instructions in our [Sync for Commerce documentation](/sfc/overview).

> - You should never embed Link within an iframe. Such embeds will not work because they have been blocked to ensure the security of the solution. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You should not iframe Link. Link is not compatible with iframes and will not work for security reasons (CORS). 
```
